	Excel Assignment 8

Q1. What do you mean by AutoComplete feature in Excel and what are the benefits of using this feature?
Ans. AutoComplete helps you quickly insert functions and arguments while minimizing typing and syntax errors. The AutoComplete
	menu shows you available options based on context, and you choose what you want to insert into your formula. Autofill saves
	users from re-typing information. Minimize user input errors. Typing is prone to errors. Minimizing the need to type 
	information also minimizes typos.

Q2. Explain working with workbooks and working with cells.
Ans. A workbook is a file that contains one or more worksheets to help you organize data. You can create a new workbook from a
	blank workbook or a template. Cells are the boxes we see in the grid of an Excel worksheet. Each cell is 
	identified on a worksheet by its reference, the column letter and row number that intersect at the cell's location.

Q3. What is fill handle in Excel and why do we use it?
Ans. Fill Handle is a feature in Excel that enables us to auto-complete a list in a row/column by simply dragging it using your 
	mouse. When we type a formula in a cell and we want the formula to be copied to the adjacent cells and adjusted according
 	to the adjacent rows. Fill handle makes it very easy. We can simply click and drag that formula to the adjacent cells. The
	formula will be adjusted and copied to the adjacent cells. This saves a lot of time and effort. 

Q4. Give some examples of using the fill handle.
Ans. Some examples of fill handle are as follows:
	(a) We can use fill handle in Excel to autocomplete weekday names. It could either be the three alphabets nomenclature 
	(Mon, Tue…) or the full name (Monday, Tuesday…).
	(b) We can easily autofill dates using the fill handle in Excel. Any date format that is recognized by Excel can be used 
	by the fill handle.
	(c) In case you are using the fill handle to autocomplete dates, additional options become available in the autocomplete 
	options.

Q5. Describe flash fill and what the different ways to access the flash fill are.
Ans. Flash Fill automatically fills your data when it senses a pattern. For example, you can use Flash Fill to separate first 
	and last names from a single column, or combine first and last names from two different columns. To access flash fill we can
	go to Data > Flash Fill to run it manually, or press Ctrl+E.
	

Q6. Extract first name and last name from the mail id and then from the address column, extract the city, state, and pin code
	using the flash fill. Given below is an example of the columns you have to create. Paste the screenshot of what you have 
	created using the flash fill command.
	Example: Mail Id, Address, First name, Last name, State, City, Pincode
Ans. Screenshot is in the Folder