Excel Assignment 1


1. What do you mean by cells in an excel sheet?
Ans. Cell is an object of Excel worksheets. Whenever we open Excel, the Excel worksheet contains cells to store the information
	in them. We enter content and our data into these cells. Cells are the building blocks of the Excel worksheet. A cell is a
	rectangular-shaped box. It is a small unit of the Excel spreadsheet. There are around 17 billion cells in an Excel 
	worksheet, which are united together in horizontal and vertical lines. An Excel worksheet contains cells in rows and columns. 
	Rows are labeled as numbers and columns as alphabets.

2. How can you restrict someone from copying a cell from your worksheet?
Ans. In order to protect our worksheet from getting copied, we need to go to Menu bar> Review> Protect sheet> Password. 
	By entering password, we can secure our worksheet from getting copied by others.

3. How to move or copy the worksheet into another workbook?
Ans. To copy or move the worksheet into another workbook we have to select the content of the worksheet first by dragging the 
	mouse and selecting the desired rows and columns. We can do the same using Ctrl+ arrow keys. Once selected, press right 
	click on the mouse and click Copy. Select the destination in another workbook and then right click and Paste.

4. Which key is used as a shortcut for opening a new window document?
Ans. The shortcut for opening a new window document is Ctrl + N.

5. What are the things that we can notice after opening the Excel interface?
Ans. When we open the Excel interface we see the spreadsheets composed of rows and columns having cells. Then on the top we
	see the menu such as File, Home, Insert, Page layout, Formulas, Data, Review, View, Automate, Developer, Help etc. 

6. When to use a relative cell reference in excel?
Ans. In Excel, relative cell reference is set by default. Whenever we copy formula from one cell to another, the formula changes
	according to the new cell reference. This is really helpful when we want to write one formula and wants that to be 
	adjusted according to the remaining columns or rows. 