Excel Assignment 2

1. What does the dollar($) sign do?
Ans. The dollar sign tells Excel whether to change or not to change the reference when the formula is copied to other cells. It
	is used to denote absolute cell reference. When dollar($) sign is put in front of any cell in a formula, it ensures that 
	that cell is locked and will be present in all the formulas when copied. 

2. How to Change the Reference from Relative to Absolute (or Mixed)?
Ans. To change the Reference from Relative to Absolute (or Mixed) we have to use dollar($) sign in front of the cell where we 
	want this change to happen. The cell where the dollar($) sign is put will have the absolute reference.

3. Explain the order of operations in excel?
Ans. In general, Excel's order of operation follows the acronym PEMDAS (Parentheses, Exponents, Multiplication, Division, 
	Addition, Subtraction). It's especially important to follow the order of operations when creating a formula otherwise Excel 
	won't calculate the results accurately. If a formula contains operators with the same precedence then Excel evaluates the 
	operators from left to right. 

4. What, according to you, are the top 5 functions in excel and write a basic syntax for any of two?
Ans. According to me the top 5 functions in Excel for data analysis would be if, sumifs, countifs, trim and vlookup.
	(a) The syntax for vlookup is: 
	=VLOOKUP(What you want to look up, where you want to look for it, the column number in the range containing the value to 
	return, return an Approximate or Exact match – indicated as 1/TRUE, or 0/FALSE)
	(b) The syntax for sumifs is: 
	=SUMIFS(sum_range, criteria_range1, criteria1,...)

5. When would you use the subtotal function?
Ans. The SUBTOTAL function is designed for columns of data, or vertical ranges. It is not designed for rows of data, or 
	horizontal ranges. The SUBTOTAL function in Excel allows users to create groups and then perform various other Excel 
	functions such as SUM, COUNT, AVERAGE, PRODUCT, MAX, etc. Thus, the SUBTOTAL function in Excel helps in analyzing the 
	data provided.

6. What is the syntax of the vlookup function? Explain the terms in it?
Ans. The syntax for vlookup is: 
	=VLOOKUP(What we want to look up, where we want to look for it, the column number in the range containing the value to 
	return, return an Approximate or Exact match – indicated as 1/TRUE, or 0/FALSE)

	There are four pieces of information that we will need in order to build the VLOOKUP syntax:

	1. The value we want to look up, also called the lookup value.

	2. The range where the lookup value is located. Remember that the lookup value should always be in the first column in 
	the range for VLOOKUP to work correctly. For example, if our lookup value is in cell C2 then our range should start 
	with C.

	3. The column number in the range that contains the return value. For example, if we specify B2:D11 as the range, we 
	should count B as the first column, C as the second, and so on.

	4. Optionally, we can specify TRUE if we want an approximate match or FALSE if we want an exact match of the return 
	value. If we don't specify anything, the default value will always be TRUE or approximate match.

