Excel Assignment 5

1. How many types of conditions are available in conditional formatting on Excel?
Ans. There are 5 types of conditional formatting visualizations available:
	(a) Background Color Shading (of cells)
	(b) Foreground Color Shading (of fonts)
	(c) Data Bars
	(d) Icons (which have 4 different image types)
	(e) Values

2. How to insert border in Excel with Format Cells dialog?
Ans. Following are the steps to insert border in Excel:
	(a) Click Home > the Borders arrow .
	(b) Pick Draw Borders for outer borders or Draw Border Grid for gridlines.
	(c) Click the Borders arrow > Line Color arrow, and then pick a color.
	(d) Click the Borders arrow > Line Style arrow, and then pick a line style.
	(e) Select cells you want to draw borders around.

3. How to Format Numbers as Currency in Excel?
Ans. Following are the steps to format numbers as currency in Excel:
	(a) Select the cells that you want to format and then, in the Number group on the Home tab, click the down arrow in the 
	Number Format box.
	(b) Choose Currency.

4. What are the steps to format numbers in Excel with the Percent style?
Ans. Following are the steps to format numbers in Excel with the percent style 
	(a) On the Home tab, in the Number group, click the icon next to Number to display the Format Cells dialog box.
	(b) Dialog Box Launcher in Number group
	(c) In the Format Cells dialog box, in the Category list, click Percentage.
	(d) Percentage category in the Format Cells dialog box
	(e) In the Decimal places box, enter the number of decimal places that you want to display. For example, if you want to 
	see 10% instead of 10.00%, enter 0 in the Decimal places box.

5. What is a shortcut to merge two or more cells in excel?
Ans. To merge two or more cells, highlight the cells and then press the following keys at the same time: ALT H+M+M.

6. How do you use text commands in Excel?
Ans. Select the column, or range where we'll be putting the values, then use CTRL+1 to bring up the Format > Cells dialog and
	on the Number tab select Text.