Excel Assignment 6

1. What are the various elements of the Excel interface? Describe how they're used.
Ans. The various elements of Excel interface are: 
	1. Quick Access Toolbar
	2. File Tab
	3. Title Bar
	4. Control Buttons
	5. Menu Bar
	6. Ribbon/Toolbar
	7. Dialog Box Launcher
	8. Name Box
	9. Formula Bar
	10. Scroll Bars
	11. Spreadsheet Area
	12. Leaf Bar
	13. Column Bar
	14. Row Bar Cells
	15. Cells
	16. Status Bar
	17. View Buttons
	18. Zoom control

	1. Quick Access Toolbar
	This toolbar is located in the upper left corner of the screen. Its objective is to show the most frequently used Excel 
	commands. We can customize this toolbar based on our preferred commands.

	2. File Tab
	Excel 2007's Office button has been replaced by the File tab. We can click it to check the Backstage view, where we can 
	open or save files, create new sheets, print sheets, and perform other file-related operations.

	3. Title Bar
	The title bar of the spreadsheet is at the top of the window. It displays the active document's name.

	4. Control Buttons
	Control buttons are the symbols that are present in the upper-right side of the window, enabling us to change the labels,
	minimize, maximize, share, and close the sheet.

	5. Menu Bar
	Under the diskette or save icon or the excel icon (this will depend on the version of the program), labels or bars which 
	enable changing the sheet which is shown. These are the menu bar and contain a File, Insert, Page Layout, Formulas, Data, 
	Review, View, Help, and a Search Bar with a light bulb icon. These menus are divided into subcategories which simplify 
	the distribution of information and analysis of calculations.

	6. Ribbon/Toolbar
	Each menu bar contains several different elements. On the selection of the menu, a sequence of command options/icons will
	show on a ribbon. For example, if we select the "Home" tab, we will see cut, copy, paste, bold, italic, underline, and more 
	commands. In the same way; we can click on the "Insert" tab, we will see tables, illustrations, additional, recommended 
	graphics, graphics maps, among others. On the other hand, if we select the "Formulas" option. Insert functions, auto sum 
	recently used, finances, logic, text, time, date, etc.

	Ribbon/Toolbar is a set of commands organized into three sections.

	Tabs
	They are the Ribbon's top part, and they include groups of related commands. Ribbon tabs include Home, Insert, Page Layout, 
	Formula, Data.
	Groups
	They organize related commands; the name of each group is displayed below the Ribbon. For example, a set of commands 
	related to fonts or a group of commands related to alignment, etc.
	Commands
	They appear within each group, as previously stated.
	
	7. Dialog Box Launcher
	Dialog box launcher is a very little down arrow that is present in the lower-right corner of a command group on the Ribbon. 
	By clicking on this arrow, we can explore more options related to the concerned group.

	8. Name box
	Show the location of the active cell, row, or column. We have the option of selecting multiple options.

	9. Formula Bar
	Formula bar permits us to observe, insert or edit the information/formula entered in the active cell.

	10. Scrollbars
	Scrollbars are the tools that enable us to move the document's vertical and horizontal views. We can activate this by 
	clicking on the platform's internal bar or the arrows we have on the sides. Additionally, we can use the mouse wheel in 
	order to automatically scroll up or down: or use the directional keys.

	11. Spreadsheet Area
	It is the place where we enter our data. It includes all the rows, cells, columns, and built-in data in the spreadsheet. 
	We can use shortcuts to perform toolbar activities or formulas of arithmetic operations (add, subtract, multiply, etc.). 
	The insertion point is the blinking vertical bar known as the "cursor." It specifies the insertion location of the typing.

	12. Leaf Bar
	Leaf bar is present at the bottom of the spreadsheet, which says sheet1 is shown. This sheet bar describes the spreadsheet 
	which is currently being worked on. Using this, we can alternate a number of sheets or add a new one as per our convenience.

	13. Columns Bar
	Columns are a vertically ordered series of boxes across the full sheet. This column bar is located below the formula bar.
	 The letters of the alphabet are used to label the columns. Begin with the letter A to Z, and then after Z, it will 
	continue as AA, AB, and so on. The number of columns that can be used is limited to 16,384.

	14. Rows Bar
	The row bar is the left part of the sheet where a sequence of numbers is expressed. Begin with number one (1), and further 
	rows will be added as we move the pointer down. There are a total of 1,048,576 rows available.

	15. Cells
	Cells are those parallelepipeds that divide the spreadsheet into many pieces, separating rows and columns. A spreadsheet's 
	first cell is represented by the first letter of the alphabet and the number one (A1).

	16. Status Bar
	The status bar is present at the bottom of the window that displays critical information. It also indicates whether something 
	is incorrect or whether the document is ready to be printed or delivered.

	This shows the result of the selected digits such as sum, average, count, maximum, minimum, etc.

	By right-clicking on the status bar, we can configure the status bar. Any command from the specified list can be added or
	removed.

	17. View Buttons
	View buttons are a set of three buttons arranged at the left of the Zoom control, close the screen's right-bottom corner. 
	We can see three different kinds of sheet views in Excel using this method.

	Normal View: - Normal view displays the Excel page in normal view.
	Page Layout View: - The Page Layout view shows the precise layout of an Excel page it will be printed.
	Page Break View: - This displays page break preview before printing.

	18. Zoom Control
	The zoom control is present at the lower-right side of the window. It enables us to ZOOM-IN or ZOOM-OUT a specific area 
	of the spreadsheet. It is represented by magnifying icons with the symbols of maximizing (+) or minimizing (-).

2. Write down the various applications of Excel in the industry.
Ans. Following are the applications of Excel in the industry: 
	
	-Data Entry and Storage
	Excel is a great option to store lots of data. However, the size of the excel file is limited based on the device's 
	computing capacity and memory availability. Generally, excel worksheets can have 1,048,576 rows and 16,384 columns in a 
	table form. Once the data is organized in an excel file, we can use it for various purposes. Using multiple tools and 
	formulae, we can implement numerous operations on the data.
	
	-Performing Calculations
	MS Excel has plenty of in-built functions or formulae that can be used to work with the data. There are more than 450
	functions in excel that are categorized accordingly. Some most common functions in an excel function library include 
	financial, logical, text, date & time, math, and trigonometry. We can use the necessary functions or formulae on any row,
	column, and cell within the spreadsheet. We can also create our custom formulae with some programming skills or using 
	macros in addition to the existing functions. So, we do not need to do the entire task again and again.
	
	-Data Analysis and Interpretation
	Data analysis is an essential part of MS excel. Analyzing the data helps in making decisions for improvements. When the 
	data has been updated in spreadsheets, we can use formulae and pivot tables to effectively analyze the data and 
	interpret the numbers. Using these features, we can consolidate the data and easily focus on essential segments from 
	large data sets.

	-Reporting and Visualizations
	Charts, graphs, or other visualizations can make any simple report more attractive and meaningful. It is always a better 
	way to use different charts to display the results in a summarized form, and that too with more attraction. A simple 
	chart can sometimes cover and express the desired results than the massive table with relatively long data ranges. Since 
	visualizations can be helpful, MS excel provides a wide range of in-built chart templates that we can easily use without 
	many efforts.

	-Accounting and Budgeting
	Account and budget managers most often use MS excel to maintain customer records. It is an easy way to organize the data 
	and keep the data up to date with simple editing tools of excel software. It is one of the main tasks of account managers
	to keep records because it helps them create a strong relationship with their clients. This eventually enables accounting
	or budgeting managers to earn customers' loyalty, which further generates repeat sales. Furthermore, they can easily find
	the details from excel and also share with others easily when necessary.

3. On the ribbon, make a new tab. Add some different groups, insert commands in the groups and name them according to their 
	commands added. Copy and paste the screenshot of the steps you followed.
Ans. Screenshot is pasted in the same folder


4. Make a list of different shortcut keys that are only connected to formatting with their functions.
Ans. Different shortcut keys for formatting are:
	CTRL + B: Applies bold font formatting to headers
	ALT + H + B + A: Applies borders to the cells
	ALT + H + B + T: Gives an outline border to the dataset
	ALT + H + O + W: Autofits column widths
	CTRL + 1: Opens Format Cells dialog box

5. What distinguishes Excel from other analytical tools?
Ans. The following points distinguishes Excel from other analytical tools:
	-It’s easy to get started with Excel.
	-The learning resources are very rich.
	-You can do a lot of things with Excel: modeling, visualization, reports, dynamic charts, etc.
	-It can help you understand the meaning of many operations before further learning other tools (such as Python and R).
	
6. Create a table and add a custom header and footer to your table.
Ans. Excel sheet is in the Folder

