Excel Assignment 9

Q1. What are the different margins options and do we adjust the margins of the excel worksheet?
Ans. Margins are the empty space between the worksheet data and the left, right, top, and bottom edges of the printed page. 
	To adjust the margins on excel worksheet the following steps are to be followed: 
	a. Right-click on a sheet tab, and then click Select All Sheets from the shortcut menu.
	b. On the Page Layout tab, in the Page Setup group, click Margins.
	c. To use predefined margins, click Normal, Wide, or Narrow.     
	d. To specify custom page margins, click Custom Margins and then—in the Top, Bottom, Left, and Right boxes—enter the 
	   margin sizes that you want.

Q2. Set a background for your table created.
Ans. The photo is shared in the Folder.

Q3. What is freeze panes and why do we use freeze panes? Give examples.
Ans. The Excel Freeze Panes option allows us to lock our columns and/or rows so that when we scroll down or over to view the
	rest of our sheet, the column and/or row will remain on the screen.Whenever you work with the large worksheet with a lot 
	of data, it is difficult to compare data. When you scroll the worksheet horizontally and vertically, the data of above 
	cells hide with scrolling. In this type of scenario, Excel enables several methods, including Frozen Panes, New Window, 
	and Split your worksheet.
	Sometimes, you want some rows or columns always in your worksheet. Here, freeze panes feature help to lock the cells so 
	that you can see the worksheet however you want. Freeze pane locks the specific row or column and makes them visible for 
	the entire sheet scrolling.


Q4. What are the different features available within the Freeze Panes command?
Ans. There are three features available within the Freeze Panes command:
	a. Freeze Pane
	To freeze only the top row, execute the steps mentioned below:
	- In the windows group, go to the View tab, and click Freeze Panes.
	- Click Freeze Top Row.

	b. Freeze Top Row
	You can freeze only the first column for your worksheet by following these steps:
	- Go to View tab > Windows group > Freeze First Column.
	- Select Freeze First Column.

	c. Freeze First Column
	- To freeze the first column of the worksheet, you do not need to select any particular cell. Navigate to the View tab of
	  the Excel ribbon directly.
	- Click on the Freeze Panes dropdown button and select/click the Freeze First Column option here.

Q5. Explain what the different sheet options present in excel are and what they do?
Ans. We can access various sheet options by using the following ways:
	1. Ribbon Sheet Options
	2. Right-click Sheet Options
	
	1.Ribbon Sheet Options
	Excel has all the basic and advanced options present on its ribbon. Likewise, some quick sheet options are also present 
	on the Excel ribbon and can be accessed by going to Page Layout > Sheet Options. It mainly has four toggle options: two 
	for Gridlines and two for Headings, and they can be turned on and off by selecting and deselecting the checkboxes.
	
	Gridlines:
	View: This option allows users to show/ hide gridlines within the active worksheet. Turning off this option removes the 
	gridlines from the sheet and displays a blank Excel sheet.
	Print: This option allows users to show/ hide gridlines on an Excel document that will be printed on paper.
	
	Headings:
	View: This option allows users to show/ hide headings within the active worksheet. Turning off this option removes the 
	headings from the current sheet's headers and footers.
	Print: This option allows users to show/ hide headings on an Excel document, which is to be printed on paper.

	Sheet Options in Dialogue Box under Page Setup
	After clicking on the 'More' option (the arrow icon on the corner of the Sheet Options group on the ribbon), we get 
	various sheet options. These sheet options are mainly used to adjust preferences for printing purposes. For instance, 
	when we print Excel documents, gridlines are not usually printed. We can adjust preferences from sheet options to 
	include the gridlines to print and manage other sheet options.

	Print Area: We can select the print area using this option. We can drag and select the area or range of cells by using 
	the mouse.
	
	Print Titles:
	Rows to repeat at top: This option helps us select the title to display at the top for corresponding rows.
	Columns to repeat at left: This option helps us select the title to display on the left side for columns.

	Print:
	Gridlines: This option can be enabled or disabled by selecting/ deselecting the checkbox. It helps us decide whether to 
	show gridlines or not on printed Excel documents.
	Black & White: Like the gridlines, we can select this checkbox to print the current Excel document in black and white 
	color, even if we have the color printer attached.
	Draft Quality: Selecting the checkbox associated with the draft quality allows us to print the Excel document using the 
	printer's draft-quality settings.
	Rows & Column Heading: We can select this option to display rows and columns headings to the printed Excel documents.

	Page Order:
	Down, then Over: This option allows users to print the down page first and then the right pages.
	Over, then Down: This option allows users to print the right pages first and then the down pages.

	Print: Clicking on this option gives a command to the device to print the current Excel document using the default 
	printer.
	Print Preview: This option displays the preview of the Excel document that will be printed on paper.
	Options: This option allows users to choose layout type (portrait or landscape) and paper mode (A4, A5, etc.) for the 
	Excel document to be printed.

