Excel Assignment 7

Q1. Using Insert Function, give examples of any function available in the different dropdowns present in the function library.
	For example AutoSum, Recently Used, Text, Date & Time, etc.
Ans. In Date & Time there is a function DATE. When we select DATE, we get a dialog box which requires three inputs: Year, Month
	and Day. When we enter these 3 inputs it converts input into Date. 
	
	In Lookup & Reference there is a function HLOOKUP. When we select HLOOKUP, we get a dialog box which requires four inputs: 
	Lookup_value, Table_array, Row_index_num and Range_lookup. It looks for a value in the top row of a table or array of values
	returns the value in the same column from the row we specify.

	In Text there is a function CONCAT. When we select CONCAT, we get a dialog box which requires atleast one input. When we 
	enter any input, it converts the input into text and concatenate that into the cell.

	In Text there is a function FIND. When we select FIND, we get a dialog box which requires three inputs: Find_text, 
	Within_text and Start_num. It returns the starting point of one text string within another text string and it is case-sensitive.

Q2. What are the different ways you can select columns and rows?
Ans. We can select rows and columns in the following 3 ways:
	1. Select the letter at the top to select the entire column. Or click on any cell in the column and then press Ctrl + Space.
	2. Select the row number to select the entire row. Or click on any cell in the row and then press Shift + Space.
	3. To select non-adjacent rows or columns, hold Ctrl and select the row or column numbers.

Q3. What is AutoFit and why do we use it?
Ans. Excel's AutoFit feature is designed to automatically resize cells in a worksheet to accommodate different sized data 
	without having to manually change the column width and row height. We use it adjust the width of the cells. When we enter
	long data in a cell, by default Excel shows few characters of that data. Rest is hidden. To view the entire data we will 
	have to click on each cell. Autofit makes it easier for the user by resizing the width of the whole column at one go rather
	than doing it manually.

Q4. How can you insert new rows and columns into the existing table?
Ans. We can add a row above or below the cursor position as follows:
	1. Click where you want in your table to add a row or column and then click the Layout tab (this is the tab next to the 
	Table Design tab on the ribbon).
	2. To add rows, click Insert Above or Insert Below and to add columns, click Insert Left or Insert Right.

Q5. How do you hide and unhide columns in excel?
Ans. To hide a column in Excel:
	1. Select the column.
	2. In the Home tab, under Cells group select Format.
	3. Select Hide & Unhide. 
	4. Select Hide Columns.

	To unhide a column:
	1. On the Home tab, in the Editing group, click Find & Select, and then click Go To. In the Reference box, type the reference
	of the column which is visible as hidden, and then click OK.
	2. In the Home tab, under Cells group select Format.
	3. Select Hide & Unhide. 
	4. Select Unhide Columns.